Version 0.9
 added: Support for sratim.co.il thanks to code adapted from YAMJ http://code.google.com/p/moviejukebox/
 fixed: better support for subscene, still less then fully functional
 change: rename the .dowork to .run_HandleMultiplesubs, so now maybe the users will know better what
 		to do with this file
 change: Added sratim, and now because of this, there is now content in the .run_HandleMultiplesubs,
 		so sratim (and soon all) will not download all the subs (if there was not a dircet match found), 
 		but instead write their location in the .run_HandleMultiplesubs file, when HandleMultiplesubs is 
 		run, and a file is selected from sratim, it will be downloaded on the spot.
 added: Sratim requires a login, so a login screen was introduced, to be run whenever sratim is selected
 		as source, and we did not login prior to that.
 added: properties file, located in ./properties/subs4me-default.properties, this (taken from YAMJ) is
 		a default file that can be changed at any new iteration of the program.
 		The user is encouraged to place his own properties (not the default) in ./subs4me.properties
 change: default providers are now opensubs,sratim.torec
Version 0.8.5.3
 fixed: when in a tv series and there is no season at all, fixed the exception
 some better error handling for HandleMultipleSubs
Version 0.8.5.2
 fixed: when running HandleMultiplesubs.bat on a video file which has the correct srt file already, gave an exception.  
Version 0.8.5.1
 fixed: problem with The Simpsons S19E01 He Loves to Fly and He D'ohs.avi, needed to take into account that not all the seasons have translations.
        make sure it does work with Paradox.S01E01.720p.HDTV.x264-FoV.srt becuase it is season 0 in torec.
Version 0.8.5
 fixed: not checking torec titles ok, for split names of headers
 fixed: deleting movie files if it was the file param for HandleMultipleSubs.
 changed: HandleMultipleSubs is now version 0.2
Version 0.8.4
 fixed: better search for imdb url, it could be text or url in the google result, but I will find it!!! (refined-pactivity-720p.mkv)
Version 0.8.3a
 change: DO NOT CHECK SAMPLES - it's a waste of time!!!
Version 0.8.3
 added: support 2 more providers - subscene and opensubs, thanks to http://filebot.sourceforge.net/ (Reinhard)
 	    /p=opensubs,torec,subscene (order is important).
Version 0.8.2
 fixed: if season does not exist do not try to download the subtitle (either no such series or no such season)
 fixed: Use the temp directory (not c:\temp)for downloading zipped files to.
 added: delete zip file after unzip (cleanup)
 added: create temp dir if it not created already
Version 0.8.1
 fixed: Torec does not use the same series convention everytime, sometimes starts series for 
 	0 and then from 1, fixed to not care.

Version 0.8
Renamed to subs4me (which I am hoping will keep).
Changed internet address to https://code.google.com/p/subs4me/
fixed bug that when we feed an mkv file specifically, it would delete it at the end.
change: delete the .dowork file automatically if there are no srt files for that movie.
Version 0.7
Added support for locating the correct file name using google
Thanks to http://www.json.org/java/
Thanks to http://htmlparser.sourceforge.net/
Sratim.co.il is still not a viable source
Version 0.6
Move to providers for torec and sratim
version 0.5
Taken out the /intense and changes the /everything to be /all
So now I will always get either the correct file name, or all the files with the same group.


created by htpcfreak...